#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--no-binary psycopg2

amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via wagtail
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   directory-components
    #   wagtail
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
bleach==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-markdown
bleach-whitelist==0.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
boto3==1.24.96
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.27.96
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via willow
directory-components==40.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==24.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
directory-healthcheck==3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
    #   wagtailmedia
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-health-check==3.18.1
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-modelcluster==6.3
    # via wagtail
django-modeltranslation==0.18.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via wagtail
django-pglocks==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==4.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==4.0.0
    # via wagtail
django-timezone-field==6.1.0
    # via django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via wagtail
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
    #   wagtail
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   num2words
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
filetype==1.2.0
    # via willow
gevent==23.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via gevent
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via wagtail
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   directory-components
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-markdown
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
notifications-python-client==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
num2words==0.5.10
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via wagtail
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   gunicorn
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   pillow-heif
    #   wagtail
pillow-heif==0.16.0
    # via willow
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via click-repl
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycountry==19.8.18
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via notifications-python-client
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via jsonschema
python-crontab==3.0.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   python-crontab
pytube==9.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
redis==5.0.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
requests[security]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via django-staff-sso-client
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.45.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   django-pglocks
    #   html5lib
    #   jsonschema
    #   l18n
    #   mohawk
    #   python-dateutil
    #   w3lib
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
telepath==0.3.1
    # via wagtail
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   kombu
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
w3lib==1.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-markdown
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
    #   wagtailmedia
wagtail-markdown==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-modeltranslation==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailmedia==0.14.5
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
willow[heif]==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via elastic-apm
zipp==3.18.1
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.3
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
